to be very honest, i've been meaning to start/maintain/etc a consistent diary for a loooong time... but like many others i've heard from on the ye old internet, life got in the way.

well. that's an excuse, mostly. i've enough self-awareness to notice that, luckily... but i feel like i've too much self-awareness and not enough at the same time. like how i feel a crippling sense of self-consciousness (ie being too aware of myself and overthinking everything) sometimes (a lot of the time. yikes!) but also falling victim again and again to the same bad habits, unthinkingly. like you'd expect me to finally stop procrastinating after all these years, but nah. 

but! i'm trying to be kinder to myself. i, for one, am not a huge fan of reading a bunch of self-pitying mumbo jumbo (we have enough misery in the world as is, dear miss mean-inner-voice, thank you very much). and actually, for the most part, i honestly think i'm a pretty happy-go-lucky person! i'm like if the common genki girl anime girl trope character aged a bit and got put in a seinen. 

already i'm tempted to delete everything and start again. i love love love writing, and that makes me very self-critical at times. like i'm constantly comparing the stuff i write to the best stuff i've written. and man, i don't even know where i'm going with this... and i don't need to - it's just a stream of consciousness little diary entry. and uhhhh so far this little piece has had not much of a point, i guess? which is fine! i'm just mildly embarrassed because my Writer Pride:tm: wants everything i write to be beautiful and profound and poetic, but honestly. i also wanna actually keep a decently consistent diary for once. and bearblog, from what i've seen, seems to be about the chillest place on the internet so! here we go!

hopefully i'll have more time to write tomorrow!

-a genki girl in a seinen world